When we lose our principles, we invite chaos.
People walk around, act like they know what hate means. Nah, no one does, until you hate yourself. I mean truly hate yourself. That’s power.
I have burrowed underneath your brain. I am nested there. I am the scream in your mind. You will cooperate.
Though she’s a psychologist she’s really bad at reading people but I’m good at reading people. My secret? I look for the worst in them.
We’re all living in each other’s paranoia.
If you want to change things, perhaps you should try from within, because this is what happens from the outside.
The concept of waiting bewilders me. There are always deadlines. There are always ticking clocks. That is why you must manage your time.
I’ve never found it hard to hack most people. If you listen to them, watch them, their vulnerabilities are like a neon sign
Never trust a tech guy with a rat tail—too easy to carve secrets out of him.
Control can sometimes be an illusion. But sometimes you need illusion to gain control
It’s good. So good, it scratched that part of my mind. The part that doesn’t allow good to exist without a condition.
Maybe wars aren’t meant to be won, maybe they’re meant to be continuous.
 wanted to save the world.
They will die in debt for things they didn’t want to do.
Unfortunately, we’re all human. Except me, of course.
Though she’s a psychologist she’s really bad at reading people but I’m good at reading people. My secret? I look for the worst in them.
 Getting into the mind of a woman, it’s the toughest route for even the best sources
Most kids get scared shitless when they’re alone, but I wasn’t. I loved it.
I never want to be right about my hacks, but people always find a way to disappoint.
I’m gonna fix the world I broke, and put it back together better than it was before.
The concept of waiting bewilders me. There are always deadlines. There are always ticking clocks.
I’m good at reading people. My secret , I look for the worst in them.
Don’t mistake my generosity for generosity.
When you see a good move, look for a better one.
People always told me growing up that it’s never about the destination. It’s about the journey. But what if the destination is you?
A bug is never just a mistake. It represents something bigger. An error of thinking that makes you who you are.
Power belongs to the people that take it. Nothing to do with their hard work, strong ambitions, or rightful qualifications, no. The actual will to take is often the only thing that’s necessary.
You’re never sure about anything unless there’s something to be sure about.
You hack people. I hack time.
Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank, but give a man a bank, and he can rob the world.
She doesn’t love the people who love her. She loves the people who don’t.
People are all just people, right? When it gets down to it, everyone’s the same. They love something. They want something. They fear something. Specifics help, but specifics don’t change the way that everyone is vulnerable. It just changes the way that we access those vulnerabilities.
Even extraordinary people, and I believe you are, are driven by human banalities.
People walk around, act like they know what hate means. Nah, no one does, until you hate yourself. I mean truly hate yourself. That’s power.
I believe in fate. There’s a reason we met. There’s something between us. I can see it.
This only works if you let go too.
You should know by now. If someone is asking for your patience, they are asking for your surrender
No matter where life takes us, I decide we should cherish that moment.
Do we need occasions to celebrate life?
Life is to short to worry about everything.
Life is about twist and turns.
Life is about experiencing everything and anything it throws your way.
Some people are here to teach us lessons while other people will be there forever as we grow old together.
Love is a peculiar thing.
Memories are always stamped in your heart.
The truth is, you never really know when God might need back the one we love. So cherish every moment and everyone in your life.
Get caught up in the aura of happiness.
